Tenner Point-of-Sale System
©UFO Products 2018
UFO Products is a subsidiary of UFO Productions.

PURPOSE OF THIS DOCUMENT
This document outlines the design of the Tenner application. Specifically,
it details how the application runs. It can be thought of as a type of
documentation on the source code. For comprehensive documentation on
the program, including source code and functions, please consult the
docs folder in the program root.

PROGRAM FLOW
Tenner starts off with the Main class, which contains the main functions.
The program may take parameters, which include:
Location of the config file (-config)
Region of register (usually defined in config file, format: -region US:FL)
TODO: Figure out more params for program
The program then, after loading in POS utils, boots into login mode.
In login mode, the employee should enter their employee ID number
(usually specified in employee.conf), and if the number is valid, the
employee is logged into the register. From there, the register switches to
order mode. If the employee types "logout" into the command window, the
program should log them out and return to login mode.

ORDER MODE
There are two types of items: Food and drink. These are both defined as
abstract classes in ufoproducts.food and ufoproducts.drink. Each food and
drink item is defined as a subclass of their respective abstract class.
Each item also has a specific ID. This is how items are added to orders.
For each type of food item, there is an ArrayList that holds the items
for a current order. When the order is totalled, the program uses POS utils
to get the sales tax, and the final total is displayed. The program waits for
cash input, and then after taking the cash input displays change and
re-initializes the order lists and other variables.

LOGIN MODE
Login mode uses employee.conf to load in a list of employees that are allowed
to be logged in. It provides a prompt, where you can type a small number of
commands:
login - opens login prompt
info - prints version info
exit - exits Tenner
If the user enters "login", the program presents a login prompt to the user.
The prompt should look like this: tenner>
From there, the employee should enter their ID number. If the ID number is
one that is found in employee.conf, the user is logged in.

FINAL WORDS
Remember, this is meant as a design document. Rudimentary documentation,
basically. If you want more comprehensive documentation on Tenner, which
includes functions and all that, check the docs directory in the program
root directory. Remember, make sure to keep everything secure. Share the
source code, by all means (as long as you comply with the license), but
keep your config files secret, or whatever. This ensures that your store
configuration, especially employee codes and all, will be kept secure.
Thanks for using Tenner. You're all great.
-Blake Avery, CEO of UFO